README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="readme-res/personal-logo.svg" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>HelloRails React Readme</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 HelloRails React <a name="about-project"></a>

**HelloRails React** is a Rails and React application. React frontend is developed in the same application using Webpack. 

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<summary>Front End</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://react.dev/">React</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux.js.org/">Redux</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Creates Random quote]**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Rails V 3.0.5 or higher</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://git-scm.com/">Git</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/">GitHub account</a></li>
  </ul>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd desired-folder
  git clone https://github.com/ram1117/hellorails-react
```


### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd hellorails-react
  bundle install
  yarn install
```

### Usage

To run the development server, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server or
  ./bin/dev
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project on Render. Please follow [this render deployment guide](https://render.com/docs/deploy-rails)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Ram Kumar Karuppusamy**

- GitHub: [@ram1117](https://github.com/ram1117/)
- LinkedIn: [Ram Kumar Karuppusamy](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ram-kumar-karuppusamy/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/ram1117/hellorails-react/issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please ⭐️ [the project repo](https://github.com/ram1117/hellorails-react). This will highly motivate me.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

This application is developed based on [this tutorials](https://betterprogramming.pub/react-with-rails-2022-bd28e1fcd355#ad0a). 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

add future features section in readme

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
  <img src="readme-res/personal-logo.svg" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>HelloRails React Readme</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [👥 Future Features](#feature_futures)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 HelloRails React <a name="about-project"></a>

**HelloRails React** is a Rails and React application. React frontend is developed in the same application using Webpack. 

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Rails</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>
<summary>Front End</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://react.dev/">React</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux.js.org/">Redux</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[Creates Random quote]**


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>


To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">Rails V 3.0.5 or higher</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://git-scm.com/">Git</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/">GitHub account</a></li>
  </ul>

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd desired-folder
  git clone https://github.com/ram1117/hellorails-react
```


### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd hellorails-react
  bundle install
  yarn install
```

### Usage

To run the development server, execute the following command:

```sh
  rails server or
  ./bin/dev
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project on Render. Please follow [this render deployment guide](https://render.com/docs/deploy-rails)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Ram Kumar Karuppusamy**

- GitHub: [@ram1117](https://github.com/ram1117/)
- LinkedIn: [Ram Kumar Karuppusamy](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ram-kumar-karuppusamy/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 👥 Future Features <a name="feature_futures"></a>

- **[Create Full fledged app with other CRUD functionalities for greetings]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/ram1117/hellorails-react/issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please ⭐️ [the project repo](https://github.com/ram1117/hellorails-react). This will highly motivate me.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

This application is developed based on [this tutorials](https://betterprogramming.pub/react-with-rails-2022-bd28e1fcd355#ad0a). 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
